paramount.
Absolutely paramount. Out of my last
five applications that I've taken, four
were from Chat GPT.
Chat GPT does not search your Facebook
or your Instagram or or any of that.
But it does look at what you're putting
on your Google Business Profile. So your
Google Business Profile and and when
you're doing this, you want to talk to
it, you know, "Hey, what's the best way
for me to get my content in my market?"
And that's one thing that a lot of
people kind of miss is I'm licensed in
the state of Florida.
My market is Northeast Florida.
So everything that I'm doing is about
different communities in my community in
Northeast Florida, whether that's
Jacksonville,
going down to different neighborhoods in
Jacksonville, but that's my focus.
And so if you you can only focus so
much. So
and and and the reality is is that for
most of us here, closing five, 10, 15
loans per month,
most of us are going to be
pretty excited about that. And you
realistically can accomplish that in
your market.
But you have to focus on your market. So
if you're posting generic content or
you're in Jacksonville and your Google
Business is in Jacksonville and you're
doing posts for Atlanta, Georgia,
then you literally you're Not only are
you wasting your time, but you're making
the situation worse. Because now Chat
GPT or Google, they're going to be like,
"Who is this guy?
He's not really an expert in Northeast
Florida. He's He's just kind of all over
the place. They're not going to
recommend you."
So you
stay focused on one market. So you want
to build all your content around that.
So when you're doing this, tell tell
Gemini, "Hey, I'm in this market. These
are of neighborhoods." Like all of that.
Give it all that information. Take time
with it and really drill down onto your
market.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
All right. Any Any other questions on